Backport jetpack 15.0-a.7 Changes (#44940)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/masterbar/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.22.1] - 2025-08-25
### Fixed

> - Fix the target upsell plan for the Additional CSS feature, needed for Atomic Personal sites. [#44838]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the target upsell plan for the Additional CSS feature (needed for WP Cloud Personal sites). [#44838]
```
